##Cloud storage is a model of computer data storage in which the digital data is stored in logical pools, said to be on "the cloud". The physical storage spans multiple servers, 
and the physical environment is typically owned and managed by a hosting company.

Basically, there are four types of cloud storage solutions.

1.Private Cloud Storage :Just as the name may suggest, this type of cloud storage means that the infrastructure is used by a single person or company hence high level of privacy
                          and security.
                          When designing the infrastructure of a private cloud, the specific needs of the company as well specific administrative controls are integrated with 
                          the storage concerns so as to enable ease of data access and manipulation as well increase security level.

2.Public Cloud Storage:In public cloud storage, data and files of an individual are located within the premises of the company offering the cloud storage services which means that
                       as a client, you have no control over the nature of the storage infrastructure. Also the infrastructure is shared, and so are the resources used, which 
                       means that the possibility of data hijacking and other attacks may be experienced.

3.Hybrid Storage: hybrid cloud storage, both private and public cloud storagecl0uds3rv3rs infrastructures are combined and put into use with each storing different data.
                  For instance banks could have their clients data stored in public cloud where the clients could have accounts that to enable them interact with the banking 
                   official and then their confidential account details could be stored in private cloud.

4.Community cloud storage : This is a cloud infrastructure whereby data can be accessed by different departments or organization such as different branches of a company located
                            in different towns or in the case of government data whereby different government functionalities can access government data.
